send team
share team
Can you send these requirements to the entire project team for comments
Can you distribute these requirements to the entire project team for feedback?
Could you circulate these requirements to the entire project team for their input?
Would you mind sending these requirements to the entire project team for review?
Can you forward these requirements to the entire project team for their comments?
Could you share these requirements with the entire project team and gather their thoughts?
Would you please disseminate these requirements to the entire project team for their opinions?
Can you transmit these requirements to the entire project team for their observations?
Could you pass along these requirements to the entire project team for their feedback?
Would you be able to convey these requirements to the entire project team for their review?
Can you communicate these requirements to the entire project team and request their comments?
Could you make sure these requirements reach the entire project team for their input?
Would you kindly deliver these requirements to the entire project team for their review?
Can you ensure that these requirements are sent to the entire project team for their comments?
Could you arrange for these requirements to be shared with the entire project team for their thoughts?
Would you organize sending these requirements to the entire project team for their feedback?
Can you handle sending these requirements to the entire project team for their review?
Could you oversee distributing these requirements to the entire project team for their input?
Would you manage circulating these requirements to the entire project team for their comments?
Can you take charge of sharing these requirements with the entire project team for their feedback?
Could you supervise transmitting these requirements to the entire project team for their review?
Would you be responsible for conveying these requirements to the entire project team for their comments?
Can you coordinate sending these requirements to the entire project team for their input?
Could you facilitate sharing these requirements with the entire project team for their feedback?
Would you assist in sending these requirements to the entire project team for their review?
Can you support distributing these requirements to the entire project team for their comments?
Could you aid in transmitting these requirements to the entire project team for their input?
Would you help in communicating these requirements to the entire project team for their review?
Can you contribute to sending these requirements to the entire project team for their feedback?